Date: 2020-06-23
Attendees: Carlos, Leo, Austin, Andy, Ryan, Cody

# Discussions

* Student Submissions - Kevin is not here today, no update. Will discuss individually later. 
  - [ ] KEVIN PLEASE UPDATE US

* Rails Course
  * Updates rails curriculum to replace parts of Hartl, include Rails 6, WebSockets
  * Creates a real-time chat application.
  * Core content except ActionCable/Sockets is written
  * Austin to finish above content, add tests, then send to QA for review
  * Looking at ~2 more weeks.

* Live coding 
  * Leo wanting to set up more formal system.
  * Determine best way to record and make videos available
  * Motion to move streams to twitch, as no limit for members
  * Carlos: Streams that mirror different parts in the curriculum
    * Installationfest - video on installing stuff
    * Google Homepage walkthrough
    * Git usage
  * Student leadership? Students set up virtual sessions on a lesson that they're currently doing. See CodeBuddies 
  * Not always live-coding: Can also include common questions and answers. How long does TOP take? What language should I learn? Pannel discussions.

* Approvel Process
  - [ ] Follow up with Cody or Briggs
  * Left off with voting via Github discussions, Thumbsup/Thumbsdown.
  * Discussion about who has access to reactions on GH
  * leaving for now until we face an occurance where unauthorized person votes

* Moving track choice
  * Problem: Students asking "What track do I choose" before doing WD101
  * Possible Solution: Move WD101 to first track, set as default.
  * No movement since 05/2020
  * Carlos has drafted an article on the unimportance of choosing a specific language.
  * Talk to Ada about design if we split WD101 into its own track

* Privacy Policy in regards to GDPR
  * Is this a Thinkful issue?
  * Risk is minimal
  * TOP doesn't have this information, so mostly out of our hands.


# Action items
  - [ ] Andy to continue on Python Course
  - [ ] Austin to update progress on Rails Course
  - [ ] Leo to do something?
  - [ ] Austin: Follow up with Kevin, Thinkful RE: Privacy Policy
  - [ ] Ryan & Cody: firm up planning for HTML/CSS rewrite

