# Odin Standup 

* Date: 2020-04-28
* Attendees: Briggs, Cody, Carlos, Kevin, Austin, Andy
* Recording: 

## Topics

1. Follow up to last week's topics
  * Odin Project Planning Repo is set up. Let's use it
2. Proposals
  * Proposal is geared towards dev work
  * Want to add a separate proposal for lesson content
3. Project Submission
  * Kevin in charge
  * Met with Ada and Arun
  * Project is going well, will have a better timeline later in the week
4. Odin Project Roles
  * Maintainer vs Moderator
  * Discussion in `discussion` - [Link](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/discussions/issues/22)
  * Additional roles allows for easier growth
  * Use of Odin chat points as threshold - around 50 (?)
  * Cody looking to add more data to backend of bot - add timestamps to points, etc.
5. Curriculum Improvements
  * Austin working on replacing Hartl Tutorial
    * Chat room type project.
    * POC by end of week.
  * Look at Project board to pick up issues
  * Briggs looking for help on GH - Add users to `Maintainer` role.
    * Briggs will set up on Discord and Github
6. Bot Related Stuff
  * Pull in things from GH Repo, Forum, etc.
  * Adds a centralized location for all updates related to TOP
  * Web dashboard to add users and commands to bot
7. Dashboard Redesign
  * Will be built in React
  * To be done after Student Submission project is done.
  * Mostly front end work.
8. Priorities from Project Board
  * HTML Course
  * Node Course - Learning Outcomes are done
  * Git Course - Need to update
    * Users are having troubles with branching and commits
    * Get confused with pulling `upstream` and pushing to `origin`

### For next week

* Focus on [Priority Projects](https://github.com/orgs/TheOdinProject/projects/3)
  * HTML, Git, Node Courses
* Cody makes new proposal, adds for CSS course
* Briggs to work on user roles.

## Followup

- [ ] Cody: New Lesson Content Proposal
- [ ] Kevin: Student Submissions Project Timeline
- [ ] Briggs: Roles
- [ ] Austin: Rails course - Hartl replacement
