# Odin Standup 

* Date: 2021-08-28
* Attendees: James, Cody, Grace, Kevin, Marvin, Sully, Frank 
* Recording: n/a

## Topics
1. Discussion about the progress and status of the new HTML/CSS content
  - Going well.  current status can be seen on the TOP-meta project board for this project.
  - Discussed finding a way to transition to the new material.  Most favorable plan of action was creating some sort of 'archive' for the old course and linking it at the beginning of the new content for some amount of time.
2. Ruby testing
  - minimal current progress
3. .NET path
  - Nobody is sure of the status of this project currently.
  - The question was raised of whether we actually want to create and support/maintain a .NET path at all.
4. Git content
  - The ruby course has some prime git content that is missing from the JS track.  Need to pull that out so that it can be shared between tracks.
  - Sully and Grace claimed this project, will write up a proposal.
5. "dsa"
  - Some discussion of the 'computer science' or 'dsa' (data structures/algorithms) content that exists inside the ruby track, but is absent in JS.
  - The following talking points came up
    - we get questions about it all the time... so we should either come up with a good answer as to why it doesn't exist in the JS curriculum, or we should add it there. 
    - One legit answer could be "just do the ruby lessons in JS if you want"
    - It was left out of the JS track intentionally, because it does not represent work that devs actually do. **HOWEVER**: it _is_ relevant for the interview process.
    - Could make it language agnostic and yank it out, to be shared by both tracks
      - intermediate step here could just be putting the ruby content directly into the JS track and telling students that the point is that they grok the algorithm, which is language agnostic.
  - For the moment, Marvin has claimed putting it somewhere in the JS track as a short-term bandaid.