# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2021-09-25
* Attendees: Marvin, Eric, Briggs, Rachel, Sully, Tati, Kevin
* Recording: Briggs

## Agenda

- [x] Brief round table for inflight projects.
    - Ruby testing lessons
      - Rachel has done exercises
      - Sully has made a TDD lesson
    - Data structures/algorithms 
      - Not calling it CS anymore
      - Possibly bring people into it
      - Marvin is working on it
      - Need to discuss how it should be taught
      - Still need to copy-paste Ruby lessons to JS tracks
    - Odin-Bot
      - Need to talk about refactor
      - Need to consider scope
      - No effort on this right now
    - Github action syncing 
      - Now in progress
      - Check diff between 

- [x] MongoDB addition.
    - 30 mins of work on this
    - No @everyone
    - Got the go ahead
    - Moved to in-progress

- [x] Hacktoberfest.
    - All odin repos enabled for hacktoberfest
    - Concerns
      - Bad PRs
      - Thesaurus PRs
      - Low effort PRs
    - Keep same expectations for standards through PRs as normal.

- [x] Knowledge checks needs to be discussed.
    - Linking to sections instead of giving answers
    - There have been PRs linking to places outside of lessons
    - Need to make sure things in knowledge checks, are on the lessons
    - Concerns about maintainability
    - Possible middleground
      - Linkback and add text around suggesting research
    - For now, only backlink, no external links

- [x] Git lesson(s).
  - Git lessons rework
      - Got some outlines done for pieces of new content work
      - Need to make outlines for rewriting from ruby git section to pull out
      - Still in planning phase
      - Get helpers from community, from HTML helpers list

- [x] Mod Mail
    - Announcement?
      - Not yet, need volume
    - FAQ
      - Add modmail to that

- [x] Chat Mods
    - It's probationary
      - People can be funneled in and out for any reason
    - No emeritus
    - Need to make an announcement
    - Update rules to communicate this
    - Waiting on Briggs to finish channel refresh

- [x] Review Funnel.
  - See "inflight" section up top

Action Items (other than inflight):
Briggs: Channel refresh
