# Odin Monthly Standup

* Date: 2022-07-23
* Time: 8:30 PM UTC
* Attendees: Daniel, Kevin, Rachel
* Recording: Rachel

## Agenda
- Professional Role on Discord [Daniel]
    - Discuss the specific language/requirements in the description of the professional role on Discord

## Minutes

### Inflight Projects

- Tailwind Update: Curriculum pages are done. Saving lesson content for last. [Kevin]
- Community Page: Created an issue on top-meta with a user story for us to refine asynchronously. Will post a link in the staff-discussions channel. [Rachel]

### Agenda Items

1. Professional Role on Discord [Daniel]

    - Background: An individual has the professional role for a non-engineering role and has been posting their opinion as more factual than they should in the getting hired channel.
    - The current wording in the roles channel says "Users who are verified as professional employed software engineers", but since non-software engineers have been given the role this is no longer accurate and so we should re-evaluate the wording or change the role.
    - The current wording in the FAQ channel says "The "professional" role is limited to those who are verified industry professionals such as software engineers, software developers, web developers, and other associated software development team roles" so we should not limit it to software engineers.
    - Instead of limiting/gatekeeping this role for software engineers, let's celebrate this positive influence that our curriculum/community has and update the wording everywhere.
    - **Action Item:** Daniel will propose an update to all mentions of the professional role in the staff-discussions channel (which will also include other mentions, such as the discord-roles file on the top-meta repo)

2. Maintainer and Moderation Staff Interest Submissions [Rachel]

    - Right now we have all maintainer and moderator submissions going to the same channel (staff-interest-submissions) that only maintainer+ have access to. We need to change this, so that moderators can view these submissions and propose new moderator team members.
    - If we create a new channel for future moderator submissions, they do not have access to the current interest forms. I do not believe there is a way for us to "clone" a channel. We could make a spreadsheet with this information, but they would not have the previous discussion in the channel.
    - If we rename the current channel for the moderators, there could be previous discussion in that channel from when some of our current moderators submitted forms that people might not want them to read. Will need to discuss this with the team.
    - **Action Item:** Rachel will propose the idea of making the staff-interest-submissions channel into a moderator channel and making a new one for maintainers in the maintainer-discussions channel.

3. Recognize community contributors [Daniel]

    - Do we want to recognize community contributors? For example, we could highlight people that have made a significant contribution.
    - This would not be for grammar or typo fixing contributions.
    - Currently, we thank people on the PR when they contribute, but we could encourage more contributions in the Discord community by awarding them points too.
    - We could either make a contribution-highlight channel to share our appreciation, or we could rename the current contribution-opportunity channel to share opportunites and share our appreciation.
    - This is recognition is somewhat similar to how GitHub has started making badges/achievements. We recognize people with people that have been helpful in Discord and contributing to the curriculum is even more worthy of recongition.
    - It might be helpful to add an area to our PR template, where people could submit their Discord name.
    - In the future we could link together TOP account with GitHub and Discord accounts.
    - **Action Item:** Daniel will make an issue on top-meta to start an async conversation with the maintainer team.

4. Encourage more async communication [Daniel]

    - This topic has been discussed on Discord, but we still have kinks to work out because people are not sure how to create a place to have this async conversation.
    - Let's start by making an issue on Github and then linking the issue on Discord as the place to have the conversation.
    - **Action Item:** Reevaluate this at the next meeting.

5. Change meeting times to allow more team members to attend [Daniel]

    - We tried to make it work for today's meeting, but our team's vast time zone differences do not make it easy.
    - What if we choose 2 different times that would work the best for two different schedules and rotate between these regular times?
    - These regular times would allow the team to plan ahead and schedule life around these predetermined times.
    - **Action Item:** Kevin will talk with Zach about this idea since they have been involved with setting up whentomeet and will make an issue for the team to discuss.
