# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2022-01-22
* Attendees: Sully, Zach, Marvin, Eric, Rachel, Cody, Briggs
* Recording: Zach

## Agenda

- Brief round table for inflight projects.
- Brief update on the Style Guide (<5 minutes) [Eric]
    - Any discussion will be held in a thread on server
    - Mention status of LO's, Practice vs Assignment, Title Case ruling, and project iterations/steps
    - Unless there are any major objections, this will be finalized to push towards community opportunities
- TOP mission statement [Sully]
    - Discuss merits of developing a mission statement
    - Brainstorm and discuss mission statement ideas
- Group PR review sessions [Sully]

## Minutes

- Round Table
	- New git lessons should be done before next monthly meeting.
	- Refesh Discord Rules/FAQ/Pins, discord link on site on hold, should be done by next monthly meeting.
	- DSA issues in progress, no timeline available, would like assistance in writing lesson with formatting and quality.
	- HTML/CSS ships on Monday unless something else comes up.
	- DB path proposal in works.
	
- Update on Style Guide
	- Learning Outcomes will become Lesson Overviews.
	- Keeping assignment and practice as separate sections.
	- Practice link should be added to navbar.
	- Project iteration versus steps will come later.
	- **Would like a core member to review/approve https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/pull/23051.**
	- **Plan to get community involved similar to how we are getting Learning Outcomes/Knowledge Checks updated.**
	- Use multiple issues to tackle.
	- Use tags/labels for filtering purposes.

- Mission Statement
	- Asynchronous discussion possible
	- In the past, everyone has slightly different ideas/opinions, gets out of hand and fizzles out. 
	- Now seems to be a good time to get this going as we are more aligned/focused.
	- Is our mission about the curriculum? Community working together? Becoming job ready?
	- Odin is bigger than it's curriculum. We are more than just being here to write good content for the curriculum.
	- **Take a poll to gather ideas, dyno like the maintainer interest form?**
	- Start small with asking, not entire server.
	- Leaving it more open and inclusive would be best moving forward, while being specific about certain things. Need strong baseline.
	- "To democratise access to the knowledge needed to become employed in the technology field" - "To help people get dev jobs using open source".
	- **Need action item to prepare an open ended form or poll to aggregate opinions.**
	- **Ask Carlos opinion.**

- Idea Funnel
	- Odin Letterhead 
		- Talk to Ada, get input.
	- Computer Basics 
		- Would be useful, not as big as a problem as it used to be. 
		- Could become in conflict with mission statement. 
		- Not having it could also be in conflict. 
		- 2-4 lessons targeted at people who are currently using computers for web browsing and maybe using Office products, with no deeper knowledge of computers. 
		- No matter what, will be difficult to get people where we need them.
