
# Odin Mid Month Meeting 

* Date: 2022-01-12
* Attendees: Sully, Zach, Briggs, Marvin, Rachel, Eric, Tati, Kevin
* Recording: Zach

## Agenda

- Python / data science path proposal
    - a
- Separate moderation server
    - b

## Minutes

- Python/Data Science Path

	- Overall belief it is too different than TOP, would not be a TOP course. 
	- None of us are data students. Going to be difficult to maintain.
	- Need future larger discussion if we are web devs vs programmers/developers. 
	- Post Odin Course? 
	- Creator should retain rights to their course.
	- We could have a beta section where the maintainers do not maintain or fully support, but should be able to be hosted on the site and able to be discussed on the server amongst everyone.
	- People would be upset if course is removed if rejected, regardless if it is open source and located on the repository.
	- We need to do more networking with other organizations, recruit maintainers with broad skills.
	- Worry expressed that potentially subpar course would damage future members joining for that specific purpose.
	- We need a framework to support this.
	- Be able to get to know them better, integrate into the community. 
	- He should make the course, but TOP can't accept it.
    - Overall no. Will have something written up as a response in the next few days, will be publicly posted in maintainer chat to be reviewed.
	
- Odin Core/Maint Server

	- This idea was already a while back, died immediately. 
	- Moving all discussion over would be impossible. 
	- Would make bringing in contributors difficult.
	- Pro: Not a big a worry on channels becoming public accidentally. 
	- Overall, no strong opinion, leaning towards no. 
	- Vision for this server will be where all the maintainers and moderators, discussions about courses, maintainer chat in general.
	- Threads are not helpful.
	- Mental separation on participation as a maintainer.
	- Could utilize categories more efficiently before making a server.
	- Could use bots to transfer conversations.
	- Will be more discussed during core meeting.
	- Poll was cast, majority yes - 5 to 2.
	- Emeritus does not need to be involved on the server.
	
- Temp Check: Mod/Maintainer Suggestions

	- Some Suggestions were made.
	- Reach out maybe via DM for potential maintainer mentorship.
	- Potential singular maintainer application via Dyno to gauge interest.
	- Need to discuss more with whole team before this happens.
	- Points connected to contributions? Worth thinking about?
	- Ties into Tati's TOP-a-Thon.
