
# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2022-04-23
* Attendees: Briggs, Daniel, Kevin, James, Leo k. MMI, Sully, Zach, RlMoser, Bender, Tati
* Recording: The one, the only, Briggs

## Agenda

- Brief round table for inflight projects.
    - DB course
        - need to make tickets 
        - stale
    - Community project 
        - stale, still waiting
        - needs work
    - Tailwind
        - Going well, seems the hard stuff has been ironed out
    - review trading
        - Going really well
        - Hasn't needed moderation  
- Discord Code Review [MacDaniel, Daniel, Leo K.]
    - Propose an idea of hosting a discord code review event(MacDaniel, Daniel, Leo K.)
    - Projects would be submitted before hand
    - People were inexperienced and didn't know how to share their code, 
        - gives people a chance to talk through their project and explain things and understand how a review process would be
    - Concerns:
        - Are those who are giving reviews qualified?
        - What happens when a project is accepted ahead of time, and the person does not show up?
            - Do we have a backup in place?
        - Maintainability
        - What would an audience member get out of this
            - Could the community get anything out of this?
        - possibility of "poisioning the well" and giving people a cheat sheet for the projects
        - How can we make it more "safe" for people who are presenting?
        - Is the benifet worth the cost of of impacting only a few people if it is scoped into a smaller group?
        - Being able to talk about your project is extremely important
            - concern is that the people running the iniative have the skills to do the reviews
    - Planned event 
        - Audience on stage, the person who submitted would then talk about it
    - How would this be different from feedback trading?
        - It's verbal rather than through text
        - Mimics part of the interview process
        - Puts people on the spot to talk about project live
    - If it cannot be called code review, what to call it
    - What is the intenet?
        - Have people talk about how to showcase their project
    - Turn this into a showcase only thing
        - With canned questions or audience 
    - Use submissions and pick from those
    - Per-chat have preselected projects, changing per event.
    - Favor of this
        - Want to narrow scope
     - Action: Will make a channel for this project
- Separate maintainer server
    - Talked about in a [previous mid-montly](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/top-meta/blob/main/meeting-notes/2022-01-12.md) we intended to bring it up again at an end of month meeting.   
    - Concerns about having people that are not maintainers be into the maintainer channels for projects
        - If transferring the "only maintainer" talk to the new server it may not be a big deal
    - What downsides?
        - History 
            - A historical event happened and didn't cause issues
    - Will have to put this to a Core vote
    - Briggs would like to try this, just moving only Maint+ to the new server for now and deciding how to use the rest later
    - Kevin will make Poll for this
- Fireside Chat summer rounds [Briggs]
    - Doesn't make sense to set up dates ahead of time
    - We need to have variant topics
    - Let's get some people onboard first 
        - Then decide the frequency
    - Will not try to set solid dates until we have people 
    - Looking for experienced people
        - Different functions than what we see here on TOP
        - Tech lead+ is ideal
    - Steal Tati's post and post to share
    - Maybe find a theme?
        - Tati doesn't think we need to limit ourselves to a specific theme 
        - "how to break into tech" is a bit overdone
    - We *can* do "how to break into tech" to hit those that didn't catch the others, just cannot be the *only* thing
    - Currently sourcing
    - Mid-may would be a good kickoff
    - Maybe should do tech-specific topicis
    - Would these be more like a conference talk? 
        - No, the live Q&A is important to this, it becomes conversational
        - Would still have the conversation from the MC and the person
        - More like an interview, a radio talk interview + questions
    - Would this be recorded?
        - Open to it, if the guest is open to it
    - What does "cool" mean?
        - Mean we do not want low-brow content around "what should be on my portfolio" or "how do I get motivated"
            - Want to go outside that realm
    - Introductions could include the process of getting a job and such, talking to panel about their path
