
# Odin Monthly Standup

* Date: 2022-10-22
* Attendees: Kevin, Rachel, Leo K, Xari, MM, Zach
* Recording:

## Agenda

- Brief round table for inflight projects.
    - Xari: no update. everything's going smooth.
    - Kevin: Tailwind update. Got a couple things tacked on the end of it. Lesson page refresh & updating typography.
    - Rachel: Community Page is on hold while helping with an assortment of other things. Updated PR templates and helping with mod stuff.
    
- Leo K. - moderation on GitHub is finally having all of our ideas visualized and much easier to get stuff going.
    - started Discord Bio discussion
    - much better for async communication than Discord
    - Rachel made some issues on Rule up that may make better sense to move to the Discussion board.

- Rachel - should we make a maintainer nomimations repo?
    - Leo: this is probably a good idea. We have not had anyone new for quite some time.
    - Kevin: The thing that worries me is what will be bringing them on to do.
        - We need discussion among all of us about what we want to do.
        - MM: Like an annual review that sort of thing.
        - Kevin: Yes, or more of a realignment of what we want to do.
            - We add people and just left them to do whatever they think they want to do. Some people can handle that, but it might not be the best direction to go, Maybe a bit more structure and project boards.
            - May, we could have discussion like, if each of us could work on 1 area in the curriculum, what area would that be. This would give us a direction to start with.
        - Rachel: Will this be more ownership models, like rails?
            -Kevin: Not really. More like just having organized project boards. We have some but that are not as organized as they could be. It would be nice to have more tickets made up that allow people to pick one up that is ready to go.
            - We all can get better at making tickets on things that need to be done.
        - Action Item: Kevin will think more on how we should handle this. Has a few ideas to have check-ins like the core team is doing. Will propose this to core.
        - Action Item: Rachel will create the maintainer nomimation repo as a good starting point
